Okay, so the deck cards is comprised of tree suits, moves, keys, and bells.
The numbers, again, the numbers range from 1 to 11, so a total of 33 cards.
The game is essentially a trick-taking game, so when the opponent leads, you have to follow.
And it's high card wins, so they dealt a 1, I play 4, I win the trick.
When you win the trick, you get damage from the trick, so we have base damage here and one streak,
so we can apply for 1. Or we can roll over the damage to plus 4,
which I think is not working at the moment. It's actually broken, but that's fine.
It should have rolled over for 4.
So we can see the CPU's intention up here in the top left corner for what they're going to play.
So we can see they're going to play a key, and we also know that the card is going to be a poison card.
Again, so we can see in the top left corner which suit, again, so we can see in the top left corner
which suit the CPU intends to play. Fuck! Again, we can see in the top left corner which suit the CPU intends to play.
Right now the CPU is going to play keys, but this time the key will be a skull card.
So the skull inverts that logic of a high card, low card.
So because they play a 2, the only way I can win this one is to play a lower card and a 2 because it's a skull card.
So I have a 1 here, so I can actually win this trick as well.
So this is called a low victory, and a low victory is when you win low and still won.
A high victory would be if I went high and shit.
Again, fuck, I don't know how much of that I actually would have lost.
So because I played 1 against their 2 and they played a skull, I win, and this is what's known as a low victory.
The previous example of, fuck, I don't know how to say that, okay, let's just scrap all that.
Again, so because they went low, fuck, again, so because they played a 2 and I played a 1 against a skull, I...
Again, so because they played a 2 and I played a 1, I get what's known as a low victory.
Again, so they played a 2 of skulls, again, so their 2 of keys had a skull on it, so that means I had to play low.
And because I played the 1, I actually win this, I win this trump, and that's what's known as a low victory.
And we can roll over again for another plus 9, which is also still broken.
So each round, the player is, again, so at the start of a run, the player is dealt.
Both cards, a random number of 21 buff cards, and they will do various different things.
Bell high, which basically means go high on bells, which basically means...
Again, so the player will be dealt both cards at the start of each run, and they can apply these both cards to their hand,
which will increase damage or multiplier that they get from again.
So the player can, again, the player will be dealt 21, at the moment it's 21 anyway,
both cards that they can apply to their hand, and you have to match various conditions for these to matter.
So I'm going to play bells this round, and actually now I'm going to play keys.
I have no buff cards, so I'm going to play bells, and I'm going to say bell high, which will give me plus 1 damage.
And I can also apply that from here, where I can say bell high blade, which means go high.
So I'll win the trick basically, and because I...
Fuck, I forgot to explain the part with the trump card at the start when I was explaining the cards.
I need to do that now.
I'm going to stop this.
I'm going to go again, but this time I'm actually going to explain the...
I'm going to explain how the trump card works, and that's for the area part.
So let me go.
Again, the trump card is up here, so what the trump card is basically when...
Fuck, start over.
Okay, I'm going to do that again, but this time I'm going to explain again what the trump card does.
So when the opponent leads, or if I lead, the two of bells, I have to follow it.
The decree card here is a key.
So key is trumps.
If I was able to play a key here, I would win because key is trumps, but because I have to follow, I have to play bells.
Playing a high bell will win this hand, but also playing a high bell will win this hand.
But also if I was able to play the key, so if I had no bells, I could be free to play any one of these cards.
And if I played a low key, so if I played this one into this two, the one of keys into this two of bells,
because keys is your trump, I would also win.
But I'm not allowed to do that, so I'll play my tree, and that'll let me win the hand.
Okay, explain what else.
So if the player loses a trick, they will lose their multiplier, so I lost my damage streak, and I also take a chunk of them, a heart of it.
So again, so if the player loses a trick, they will take one heart of damage, and they will also lose any banked damage they had stored.
And this is the only way for the player to lose the game.
The object of the game is for the player to do the damage against the CPU and kill them first.
